So let's add some extra fields with advanced custom fields to display a subtitle right here and also
our new tab right here.
We're going up in custom fields and not new says something a single brokes and here on the post we're
going to change these two broke.
This is the post type for all the bollocks in the commerce and I'm going to change these first and that
would be metal.
And this is based on our preference.
So we're going out to fields and subtitle and play da real name.
It's going to be days.
That's fine.
And I want to close this one and it's another one so I'll have the and we're going to use I think file
is going to be the better Feg feel for that I believe you Angua are when I return the file you are right
that's fine.
We're going to close this and polish these video and polish these fields.
So next we're going to click on the product in the comp kit or any pro that's fine.
And you can see that we have singer brokes and we have the fields you can change the display.
Where do these fields are going to play and the position you're you cannot make by and they reload in
other fields or on the top.
So for example that said somebody here in the in the subtitle.
We're going to add something like everything you need.
To an
at home is that they are going to have today that you can bet on the materials and the brothers you
will find Abilio that and before you actually can raggedly these to the media library.
And we're going to isolate these fine.
So now you can see we have a subtitle and we have a review of the DS and let's go back.
Relo these Nothing is going to change.
We need to play in these you see hooks and we're going to hit on simple hooks.
And in my case I went to bring these right after the you can see that we have a single product summary
and we have that dialogue right here.
On the rating five.
So why don't I copy these this action and what are going up in order to find.
And that's a display as subtitle in single brokes and I'm going to have some myspace right here so you
can see in the center of the screen Fanshen Caterina's spa.
These play subtitle
single brother going up an action in this case.
And what are going to pass these function and their priorities between 5 and 10.
So let's add something makes six echo some of the items here so save these and the stopwatch stop showing
Cookes and you can see we have supplied are here.
That's nice.
Here we're going to do exactly the same that we did before.
What now.
Global Post.
And then we're going to have on the or we can subtitle equals to get feel.
This is the fortune that comes with advanced cost of this debris field.
And we have title we pass up on.
And then we pass that boss state so you can use the.
And then we can that's something that can make it or H-3 subtitle and close the HD so save this and
up in the forenent and you can see Nokia everything you need to and at home is by the sweat of an hour
something like last saw Dayrell you understand that's Jasus I'm going to stop Titan anyone who takes
the last Florham well known and I'm going to make their phone a little smaller.
So one size point nine Im YEM sameas Henry lothe.
Now you can see this is looking better and of course we can change z.
Maybe you can make this a little bigger one point to him
and that's looking better.
You can see everything you need to learn at home is the so you can easily add more fields with advanced
custom fields and bring them in your single page.
Also take a look at the hooks and if the find the priority to display them whatever you want.
So in the next video let's see how you can bring you in on your top.